and now my friends hi welcome back to
another miss need a weekly video I'm
miss Nina from - Nina calm so happy to
see you all this week are you ready for
fun sing-along
I sure and this week we're doing the
song bingo
be ing oh that's right it's a song we
get to spell a little bit and then we
also get to clap our hands in this song
and of course sing it's so much fun so
let me tell you how it goes in case
you've never sung this song before we
will spell the word bingo in the song as
we say I there was a farmer had a dog
and bingo was his name-o B I ng oh and
the first time we sing all the letters
and then the next time one letter drops
off so first we drop off the BM we clap
instead we'll say ing ho and then next
time we'll clap two times when we drop
two letters and so on and so on until
we're just clapping instead of spelling
it sounds a little confusing but you're
gonna be able to catch on really really
quick so are you ready
okay I'm gonna pop up right here in the
box to play the guitar and I get myself
ready here here we go
the farmer had a dog bingo was his
name-o Pete hi NGO meet my NGO meet a
NGO and bingo was his name-o there was a
farmer had a dog bingo was his name-o
ing ing oh hi NGO and bingo was his
name-o there was a farmer had a dog and
bingo was his name-o NGO NGO NGO and
bingo was his name-o there was a farmer
had a dog and bingo was his name-o geo
geo geo and bingo was his name-o you get
it alright for classes time buddy there
was a farmer had a dog and bingo was his
name-o ô ô ô and bingo was his name-o
this time is all claps oh my goodness
here we go there was a farmer had a dog
and bingo was his name-o
and bingo one name oh yeah
nice job oh my good is that was so much
fun
I heard you spelling saw you clapping
heard you singing what a great song that
was thanks so much for playing with me
this week and grown-ups if you'd like
these videos delivered right to your
inbox every Tuesday morning come on over
on - Nina calm it's free to join the
email list you'll get an email every
Tuesday morning with a new video in your
inbox and I miss Nina news about
upcoming CD releases and performances
and other fun things like that
alright everybody have a wonderful
wonderful week and I will see you next
time bye